welcome to the last episode at Jake
money I'm not sure or latest episode so
say that sorry go Jake hey um can you
help me write this email to this girl oh
girl absolutely give me like 30 seconds
okay you know could you do it now
because I just want to get it out one
well the moment strikes me I understand
okay so what I have so far is hello but
I thought maybe in this case I should do
something more casual there's a lovely
okay you need a lot of help I understand
all right let's do hey okay I'm watching
you so don't steal anything r I'm
watching you so don't steal anything
from okay strong but regrets if I like
it okay what else um why don't you just
say it soft it's been really nice
getting to know you and I'm gonna break
your we know you okay I'm gonna break
your neck I'm gonna break your neck all
right you know what Chewie good she's
soft and chewy your sauce and chili
complement her say she's got beautiful
eyes you've got beautiful eyes yeah yeah
chocolate chip don't watch my stuff
they're blue but there's a touch of
brown in their idea yes I don't know
chocolate chips or whatever your eyes
are like blue chalk ellipse can you
leave me alone use do me a huge favor
and leave me alone can you just do me a
huge favor and leave me alone forever
hard to get I am playing hard to get
she's gonna come crawling back to me
this is this is Mike what are you doing
hard to get I call you over here to help
me write a letter leave it sir I got you
book it down please I'll put it I'll
hold it eat it I'm you know I thank you
but if we're gonna put it down right
here oh good idea i'm gonna just stretch
it in you know i'm just gonna stay a few
guys don't hang ya got empty calories I
just say bro Oh Oh cookie right good Oh
tournament yeah you heard it you heard
of me you're hurting me you're hurting
me
um I'm sorry uh no I'm sorry I shouldn't
have to hey your cookie and don't you
dare cut me any slack okay I'm out of
line uh yeah we're good hey what we're
good let me help you up ah one second
don't okay I'll get you some ice how's
that yeah okay okay what hurts give it
everything so just you don't have to i'm
just gonna don't go I'm gonna go I blew
up I'll go all right message sent happen
to you
oh my god pad
dispute phul